Delegate Hotfix CDS-93910 (#6069)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

## March 2024

### Version 24.03.82506 <!--  March 27, 2024 -->

#### Hotfix

> - Added multiple loglines for debugging an issue. (CDS-93910)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added multiple log lines for debugging an issue. (CDS-93910)
```
